Reveal `europe-west1` region for RTDB (#2812)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> - Reveals `europe-west1` region for RTDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for the `europe-west1` region for Firebase Realtime Database.
```

- Reveals `europe-west1` region for Firebase Realtime Database
- Fixes an issue where the `${param:FOO}` syntax for Firebase Extensions did not work with the emulator.
- Fixes issue in `database:settings:get` where the value wasn't being properly displayed.

> - Fixes RTDB console URLs for `database:push|set|update` commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes Firebase Console URLs for Firebase Realtime Database `database:push`, `database:set`, and `database:update` commands.
```
